Psalm 6 to the chief musician with
Psalm 6 to the chief musician with stringed instruments on an 8 stringed
stringed instruments on an 8 stringed
stringed instruments on an 8 stringed hath a psalm of David O Lord do not
hath a psalm of David O Lord do not
hath a psalm of David O Lord do not rebuke me in your anger not chasing me
rebuke me in your anger not chasing me
rebuke me in your anger not chasing me in your hot displeasure have mercy on me
in your hot displeasure have mercy on me
in your hot displeasure have mercy on me O Lord for I am weak O Lord heal me from
O Lord for I am weak O Lord heal me from
O Lord for I am weak O Lord heal me from my bones are troubled my soul also is
my bones are troubled my soul also is
my bones are troubled my soul also is greatly troubled but you O Lord how long
greatly troubled but you O Lord how long
greatly troubled but you O Lord how long return O Lord deliver me Oh save me for
return O Lord deliver me Oh save me for
return O Lord deliver me Oh save me for your Mercy's sake for in death there is
your Mercy's sake for in death there is
your Mercy's sake for in death there is no remembrance of you in the grave who
no remembrance of you in the grave who
no remembrance of you in the grave who will give you thanks I am weary with my
will give you thanks I am weary with my
will give you thanks I am weary with my groaning all night I make my bed swim i
groaning all night I make my bed swim i
groaning all night I make my bed swim i drench my couch with my tears my eye
drench my couch with my tears my eye
drench my couch with my tears my eye wastes away because of grief it grows
wastes away because of grief it grows
wastes away because of grief it grows old because of all my enemies depart
old because of all my enemies depart
old because of all my enemies depart from me while you workers of iniquity
from me while you workers of iniquity
from me while you workers of iniquity for the Lord has heard the voice of my
for the Lord has heard the voice of my
for the Lord has heard the voice of my weeping the Lord has heard my
weeping the Lord has heard my
weeping the Lord has heard my supplication the Lord will receive my
supplication the Lord will receive my
supplication the Lord will receive my prayer but all my enemies be ashamed and
prayer but all my enemies be ashamed and
prayer but all my enemies be ashamed and greatly troubled let them turn back and
greatly troubled let them turn back and
greatly troubled let them turn back and be ashamed suddenly
be ashamed suddenly
be ashamed suddenly [Music]